update: remove deprecated JS compiler option (#4635)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/compatibility-guides/compatibility-guide-20.md

> **Deprecation cycle**:
>
> - 1.3: the platform plugin IDs are deprecated
> - 2.0.0: the platform plugin IDs are no longer supported

### Remove outputFile JavaScript compiler option

> **Issue**: [KT-61116](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-61116)
>
> **Component**: Gradle
>
> **Incompatible change type**: source
>

> > **Short summary**: The `outputFile` JavaScript compiler option has been removed. Now, the `destinationDirectory`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Short summary**: The `outputFile` JavaScript compiler option has been removed. Instead, you can use the `destinationDirectory`
```

> > property of the `Kotlin2JsCompile` task is available to specify the directory where the compiled JavaScript output files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> property of the `Kotlin2JsCompile` task to specify the directory where the compiled JavaScript output files
```
